General Director Lee
You're here.
If you don't come anymore, people will be bullied to death by them.
Who's bullying you?
That's him. He's my college friend.
Jealous of my accomplishments.
Brought a fool to bully me.
And hit me two slaps.
You must be my master.
Director General Li, what are you beating me for?
This is our company's new boss, Qin Fengming, Qin Dai Shao.
The boss is really sorry.
I just got a call from Secretary Shaw.
Right away.
She's the sister of the company.
It's this.
He doesn't know who you are.
That's insulting.
I hope you can forgive him this time.
He wants me to forgive him.
Master Qin, if only you could forgive him this time.
Whatever you want him to do.
Okay, let's go to the company first.
Then watch his performance.
Yeah, yeah, go.
General Director Lee
How should I behave?